CHAOS-1854: adds relnotes 0.13.5 (#2072)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/chaos-engineering.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

## Latest - June 12, 2023, version 0.13.5

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

* Added a new Linux chaos fault, Disk Fill, which fills up the available disk space at a given system path for a specific duration. (CHAOS-1419)

* To help users select the right infrastructure for their use case, the Chaos Infrastructures UI screen has been enhanced to show supported faults by different chaos infrastructure categories. (CHAOS-1811)

* The database was upgraded to update the index in linuxInfrastructures collection. (CHAOS-1836)

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```
* This release does not include any early access features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

> * The Chaos Faults screen in ChaosHub was crashing when the **Platform** field was missing in CSV. This issue has been fixed. (CHAOS-1841)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Chaos Faults screen in ChaosHub was crashing when the **Platform** field was missing in faults metadata file. This issue has been fixed. (CHAOS-1841)
```
